you
our progression has really been good the
last couple of months and we've really
worked hard since normal plumber Andy
call came into our squad as I coaching
soft so really been working hard two
weeks in New Zealand before we arrived
here in Sydney so I'm not just really
looking forward to getting out on the
court for facematch
yeah it's fun being in Sydney it has
always been my dream to be in Australia
so I'm happy that I'm here
our goal is to make top 10 obviously we
I think replaced 12 or 13 at the moment
but topped in is our goal yep
yes since maybe a lot about people from
here they don't have really Zambia place
so they want them to see a different
type of network so that maybe also on
the map
our expectations are to win we're not
just here to participate and when we go
out there on Friday we really want to
hit the courts with a proud performance
that we are happy with
yeah we play a game that far speedy just
because we are not that tall in terms of
built so yeah we're hoping to execute
that really well
well the fans can expect nothing but
just excitement in our game of netball
you know tomato bring a different player
to them today to the game and we're here
to actually execute we're here to
actually have fun and we're definitely
here to walk away with that gold medal
you would expect a different team all
together all together compared to the
2011 and I would say this year was a was
a blessing and I was a very fortunate
the year for us because we got to play
the ferns third place and and it's it's
amazing in there it's a good timing for
our build up towards of the champs
oh well I am a tough sighs we fate right
all the way to the end but got a heart
and soul and the passion for the game
and we're going to do our sales growth
as you just normalize a good team and we
wake to her from the first research into
the last week so this time around I
thinking of you put some other things
which we didn't do it the last time
while in the world cup even the
community games this time are they see a
team ever chased him formula
what we've done at the moment for
looking at the world cup we we've locked
out our first group and we want to make
sure that we get into the top two
positions ideally top that group into
the top eight we're then going to
reassess and see who's in the next group
and look to be the best we can B's is
what we've come out here here to do
yeah there's like fifty percent of Sri
Lankans like netball and the best thing
is that their body is the only one game
for ladies in Sri Lanka and they are the
Friends of Sri Lanka watching this
championship and they are willing to see
the game on 7th yes again ma'am are you
enjoying your time in city yeah of
course sure it's really cold and but we
are enjoying it yeah
yeah we've had really good preparations
and we've been out here for about week
and a half we actually arrived on a gold
coast which was a little bit warmer and
I guess just help the girls to be able
to get over the jet lag and settle in
and we arrived in Sydney on Monday so
it's great to actually be based now in
homebush and see all the arenas and
start to see all the other teams it kind
of gives you at a goose bumps and the
nerve studies certainly start to settle
in
I'm Trinidad and Tobago is preparation
of the spa obviously would I just like
fine tune in for Friday's game against
Australia
yeah the preparations been going really
well obviously been at home doing some
training programs and our in our home
states and and the staging camp in
Newcastle and here we are in Sydney
ready and raring to go for Friday's
Friday night's game fans can expect to
see Australia put out the best
performance is that we are capable of
you know we we have been working
extremely hard and in improving the
small areas I suppose that we can make
improvements in and planning an exciting
brand of netball the Australian Way
short sharp and fast i think that's
that's what fans can expect to see
absolutely to play in front of a home
crowd will be a sensational you know
that feeling of walking out in front of
you know 16,000 Ozzie's hopefully
they're all Ozzy screaming for us would
just be a dream come true and something
that I know myself and the 11 other
girls will just embrace